Add a jupyterhub/k8s-hub-slim image alongside jupyterhub/k8s-hub (#2920)
jupyterhub/zero-to-jupyterhub-k8s: docs/source/administrator/security.md

https://ssllabs.com/ssltest/analyze.html?d=<YOUR-DOMAIN>
```

> ## Minimize hub image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Minimal hub image
```

> By excluding non essential tools in the `hub` pod's image, you can avoid
> exposure to vulnerabilities in those tools. You can use the slim version of the
> hub image that we provide for this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default hub image includes some useful debugging tools.
You can use the slim version of image to minimise your exposure to vulnerabilities in those optional tools.
```
